Clean up language and formatting on REST API page (#32)
EMnify/product-docs: docs/rest-api.md

# REST API

REST APIs are one way to integrate external services into your application.
The emnify API provides a variety of HTTP requests to integrate several emnify services into your application.

The emnify API is based on the OpenAPI Specification OAS3.
You can try out our API using the [API reference](https://cdn.emnify.net/api/doc/swagger.html).

## API authentication

To use the emnify API, you need to authenticate with an authentication token.
We use JSON Web Tokens (JWTs) as the authentication token.

There are two ways to retrieve this token:

1. [**Authenticate with user credentials**](#authenticate-with-user-credentials): Use the username and password you used while signing up for the [emnify Portal](https://portal.emnify.com/).

> 2. [**Authenticate with an application token**](#authenticate-with-an-application-token): You can use the application token generated in your emnify account.

Reviewer: @carolstran I thought for sure I had marked this one in my last review. I must have closed a tab by mistake.

```suggestion
1. [**Authenticate with an application token**](#authenticate-with-an-application-token): You can use the application token generated in your emnify account.
```

# REST API

REST APIs are one way to integrate external services into your application.
The emnify API provides a variety of HTTP requests to integrate several emnify services into your application.

The emnify API is based on the OpenAPI Specification OAS3.
You can try out our API using the [API reference](https://cdn.emnify.net/api/doc/swagger.html).

> The sections below will describe the services available through the emnify API.

Reviewer: This is not wrong, but it's a practice I see many other writers using that doesn't provide the reader with any additional information.
Whenever I write, I ask myself, "Will removing this sentence deprive the reader of any essential information?"

For this reason, I avoid self-referencing constructions  like:
- The following sections ....
- In this guide / blog post / tutorial ...

IMO, the navigation and contents links are enough. This is standard REST API documentation without any surprises.

}
```

To authenticate all API calls, you can use this `auth_token` as the bearer token.
This `auth_token` is valid for 240 minutes, so you don’t need to retrieve the `auth_token` before every API call.
Once the `auth_token` expires, you can use the `refresh_token` to retrieve the new `auth_token`.

### Authenticate with an application token

> As you should not store your emnify user credentials on your application server, you can generate an `application_token` via the [emnify Portal](https://portal.emnify.com/) or the API: `/api/v1/application_token`.

Reviewer: This is a matter of personal taste. I can't recall any developer I ever worked with using **as** instead of **since** in this context.

```suggestion
Since you should not store your emnify user credentials on your application server, you can generate an `application_token` via the [emnify Portal](https://portal.emnify.com/) or the API: `/api/v1/application_token`.
```
An alternative would be:
```
We highly recommend that you never store your emnify user credentials on your application server.
You can generate an `application_token` via the [emnify Portal](https://portal.emnify.com/) or the API: `/api/v1/application_token`.

}
```

**Response**:

```json
{
  "application_token": "KAOp24TuMgjO2FpZmZ3ZFjSqpk7ea_mY8..."
}
```

> This calls returns an `application_token`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This call returns an `application_token`. 
```

You can use this token instead of the username and password combination. 
The token can be revoked at any time.

You can alternatively generate the `application_token` in the emnify Portal:

1. Log in to the [emnify Portal](https://portal.emnify.com/login)
1. Navigate to **Integrations** → **Application Tokens** → **Add Token**.

![generate application token](./assets/generate_app_token.png)

To get the `auth_token` using the `application_token`, use the `/api/v1/authenticate` API. 
The `auth_token` can then be used to authenticate all subsequent API calls.

```
POST https://cdn.emnify.net/api/v1/authenticate
```

**Request body**:

```json
{
  "application_token": "kNTktNTA1My00YzdhLT..."
}
```

**Response**:

```json
{
  "auth_token": "eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9..."
}
```

> Unlike user and password authentication, only `auth_token`s are returned by the server. 

Reviewer: Just to maintain consistency with line 96 (`user` vs `username`) and avoid the passive construction.
```suggestion
Unlike username and password authentication,  the server returns only `auth_token`s. 
```

No `refresh_token` will be included in the response.
This `auth_token` is valid for 240 minutes.

:::caution
It's *not* advisable to generate an `auth_token` before making each API call.
You should reuse the generated `auth_token` for 240 minutes after it's generated. 
Then, update it after its expiration.
:::

## Sending and receiving SMS

You can perform the following SMS related operations using the `endpoint` API.

1. List sent and received SMS: `GET /api/v1/endpoint/{endpoint_id}/sms`

> 1. Send SMS to and endpoint: `POST /api/v1/endpoint/{endpoint_id}/sms`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Send SMS to an endpoint: `POST /api/v1/endpoint/{endpoint_id}/sms`
```

}
```

**Responses**

```
201
```

The source address is the sender number appearing on the receiving device.
The payload is the actual text to be sent as SMS.

## Code samples

> Check out [JavaScript Examples](https://github.com/emnify/API_Examples_JS) with the emnify API in our GitHub repository.

Reviewer: This is a matter of preference. Since many of customers are not native speakers, it is probably better to avoid informal (slang) word choices like **check out**.

I would recommend **see**, **browse**, or **have a look at**.

The meaning here is "to have a look at", but when I consult dictionaries, "check out" in this context is more than simply looking at something. It actually implies _evaluating_ something:

**to go to a place in order to see what it is like:**
*I'm going to checkout that new club.*
-- _Cambridge Dictionary_ [check out](https://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/check-out)

_Merriam-Webster_ doesn't even list an informal usage of [check out](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/check%20out).

Author: That's a good point that I hadn't considered, thanks for sharing! 

This is also rollover content so I didn't write it and happy to change. In the future, I'll try to keep that in mind for my own writing but fair warning I say this _all the time_ so might need more reminders in the future 😅
